# Battleship
CSCI 1101 Final Project
==================
Battleship is played like the normal battleship board game, the player places three different ships (submarine, destroyer, and aircraft) on a 8x8 grid and after successfully submitting the location of the player's ships the game starts with the player's board on the left and the opponents on the right. The player then takes turns with the AI selecting different squares that they think one of the ships may be on. If the player/AI has hit a ship the block will turn red and "OPPONENT HIT PLAYER SHIP/PLAYER HIT OPPONENT SHIP" will appear in the ships log at the top of the screen. If the player/AI selects a square that doesn't have a ship at that location then the square will turn grey and the battle log will show "OPPONENT MISSED PLAYER SHIP/PLAYER MISSED OPPONENT SHIP". The game continues until the player or the AI hits, "sinks", every one of the other's ships. The game then either displays "YOU WIN" if the player sunk all the AI's ships or "YOU LOSE" if the AI sunk all the player's ships. 

The AI for the opponent works by selecting a random square, stored on a 2D array, that is on the "checkerboard" (A1, A3, A5, A7, B2, B4, B6, B8, C1, C3...) and if the AI recieves the boolean that a ship was not hit, eg a grey space, then the AI will select another, different, square that resides on the "checkerboard" on it's next turn. However, if the AI recieves the boolean that a ship was hit, eg a red space, then the AI will select a space directly above, below, left or right, of the current space. This is dertermined with a random number generator. If the second space selected is a miss, grey, then on the following turn the AI will then select directly above, below, left or right, excluding whichever option was chosen before. The AI will continue doing this until all directions have been chosen and no longer has any other options, the AI will then continue selecting random locations (in the "checkerboard" pattern). However, if the second space selected is a hit as well the AI will continue in that direction until it hits a miss, grey space. 
